Indicate that `browser.open` is true by default (#436)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/appConfiguration.md

You can also provide the name of a browser to use instead of the system default. E.g., `open = 'Firefox'` will open Firefox regardless of which browser's the default on your system.

> When you generate a new app the `open` value will be set to `true` by default for you. When you remove the `open` key from the `redwood.toml` file we will default to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you generate a new app, the `open` value is set to `true`. If you delete the `open` config from `redwood.toml`, it will default to `false`. For example, removing the line `open = true` disables automatic browser opening.
```

> When you generate a new app, the `open` value is set to `true`. If you delete the `open` config from `redwood.toml`, it will default to `false`. For example, removing the line `open = true` disables automatic browser opening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you generate a new app, the `open` value is set to `true`. If you delete the `open` config from `redwood.toml`, it will default to `false`. For example, removing the line `open = true` disables automatic browser opening.
```
